docs/src/cell_spawner.md, before:

# CellSpawner Description

## Classes

CellSpawner
Inherits: Node  
Inherited by: none  

Description: the CellSpawner is the root node of the project's main scene, containing the CellEnvironment and the UI. It instantiates Cells in the CellEnvironment when triggered by various UI events.

### Properties
- _cellScene (Ref\<PackedScene\>): a reference to a Godot scene containing a Cell node which will be instantiated by the CellSpawner
- rand (Ref\<RandomNumberGenerator\>): a reference to a random number generator object; used for randomized cell placement, scaling, and initial force
- _numCells (int): the number of cells to spawn; written to by the Godot Editor
- _minForce (float): the lower bound of the random initial force applied to cells; written to by the Godot Editor
- _maxForce (float): the upper bound of the random initial force applied to cells; written to by the Godot Editor

### Methods
- void setNumCells(const int numCells): sets _numCells to the given value
- int getNumCells() const: returns _numCells

- void setCellScene(const Ref\<PackedScene\> cellScene): sets _cellScene to the given value
- Ref\<PackedScene\> getCellScene() const: returns _cellScene

- void setMinForce(const float minForce): sets _minForce to the given value; does not allow _minForce > _maxForce
- float getMinForce()const: returns _minForce

- void setMaxForce(const float maxForce): sets _maxForce to the given value; does not allow _maxForce < _minForce
- float getMaxForce() const: returns _maxForce

- void spawnCell(bool isImmortal): instantiates one Cell as a child of this Node; Cell placement, scaling, and initial force are randomized; Cell immortality is set to isImmortal

- void _ready() override: runs once when the CellSpawner has been created and is ready to be used; disables this object running in the Godot Editor

## Non-Member Functions
None

Commit message:

Reproduction (#99)
Changes:
- Reproduction
- Nucleus::activate() sends a signal to CellSpawner if the Cell's
resources meet both thresholds and are sufficient
- Nucleus::activate() subtracts the cost of reproduction and halves the
parent Cell's remaining resources
- CellSpawner instantiates a new Cell, uses Cell::seteq() make it a
clone of its parent, and adds it to the CellEnvironment with some
initial movement
- Cell::seteq() clones the Genome of the parent Cell and gives it to the
childCell
- Cell::seteq() copies relevant attributes from the parent Cell to the
child Cell, resets both Cells' age and birth time, and rescales both
Cells to half the parent Cell's original area each
- Cell fixes and improvements
    - applyScale() prevents resource overflow and updates _spriteSize
- Genes are expressed in _ready(), and the resulting CellStructures are
scaled properly
- Homeostasis and reproduction costs are set in _ready() after Genome
expression
- Infinite resources fix
- Replaced _conversionRate with _preferredConversionRate in Mitochondria
and Ribosomes classes
- Added _nutrientEnergyConversionRate to CellState, which is used by
both Mitochondria and Ribosomes
- If _nutrientEnergyConversionRate is unset when either Mitochondria or
Ribosomes activate, it will be set to the respective
_preferredConversionRate value
- Added _resourceProportion to CellSpawner--the proportion of nutrients
and energy that Cells spawn with
- Gene cloning
- NutrientZone negative feeding and applyScale fixes
- Balance tweaks
- Documentation updates

---------

Co-authored-by: Alex-x90 <sashanrosenthal@gmail.com>

docs/src/cell_spawner.md, after:

# CellSpawner Description

## Classes

CellSpawner
Inherits: Node  
Inherited by: none  

Description: the CellSpawner is the root node of the project's main scene, containing the CellEnvironment and the UI. It instantiates Cells in the CellEnvironment when triggered by various UI events.

### Properties
- _cellScene (Ref\<PackedScene\>): a reference to a Godot scene containing a Cell node which will be instantiated by the CellSpawner
- rand (Ref\<RandomNumberGenerator\>): a reference to a random number generator object; used for randomized cell placement, scaling, and initial force
- _numCells (int): the number of cells to spawn; written to by the Godot Editor
- _minForce (float): the lower bound of the random initial force applied to cells; written to by the Godot Editor
- _maxForce (float): the upper bound of the random initial force applied to cells; written to by the Godot Editor
- _resourceProportion (float): the proportion of maximum resources that Cells will spawn with; written to by the Godot Editor

### Methods
- void setNumCells(const int numCells): sets _numCells to the given value
- int getNumCells() const: returns _numCells

- void setCellScene(const Ref\<PackedScene\> cellScene): sets _cellScene to the given value
- Ref\<PackedScene\> getCellScene() const: returns _cellScene

- void setMinForce(const float minForce): sets _minForce to the given value; does not allow _minForce > _maxForce
- float getMinForce()const: returns _minForce

- void setMaxForce(const float maxForce): sets _maxForce to the given value; does not allow _maxForce < _minForce
- float getMaxForce() const: returns _maxForce

- void setResourceProportion(const float resourceProportion): sets _resourceProportion to the given value if it is in [0, 1]
- float getResourceProportion() const: returns _resourceProportion

- void spawnCell(bool isImmortal): instantiates one Cell as a child of this Node; Cell placement, scaling, and initial force are randomized; Cell immortality is set to isImmortal

- void _ready() override: runs once when the CellSpawner enters the node tree; disables this object running in the Godot Editor
- void _on_cell_reproduction(Cell *cell): runs when a cell signals to reproduce. It then spawns a new cell which is a copy of the original. This is where mutation will take place once we implement it.

## Non-Member Functions
None
