docs/src/cell.md, before:

# Cell Description

## Classes

Cell
Inherits: RigidBody2D  
Inherited by: none

Description: The Cell object represents a biological cell within a simulation. It contains some attributes and behaviors directly, and it delegates others to subnodes, such as CellState.

### Properties
- CollisionCount (static int): the static counter for the number of Cell collisions in the simulaton
- _spriteSize (Size2): the rectangular area covered by the Cell's sprite; stored here for ease of use when spawning Cells
- _cellState (CellState *): a pointer to the Cell's CellState object, which manages internal information about the Cell
- rand (Ref\<RandomNumberGenerator\>): a reference to a random number generator object; used for determining Cell death

### Methods
- void applyScale(float scale): applies a linear scaling to the Cell; updates the Sprite2D, CollisionShape2D, CellState, and _spriteSize
- float getScale(): returns the scale property of the cell (from CellState)
- Size2 getSpriteSize(): returns the rectangular area of the Cell's sprite
- void _ready(): runs once when the Cell has been created and is ready to be used
- void _process(double delta): runs once per in-game frame; delta stores the real time since the last frame; simulates Cell aging and death
- void _on_body_entered(Node *body): runs when another Node collides with this one; increments CollisionCount

## Non-Member Functions
None

Commit message:

Genome (#56)
Changes:
- CellState refactor
    - Added energy currency
- Moved some fields from Nucleus, Mitochondria, and Flagella into
CellState
- CellStructures
    - Nucleus: no activation functionality
    - Mitochondria: nutrient to energy conversion
    - Ribosomes (new): energy to nutrient conversion
    - Flagella: randomized movement
    - Sprites for each CellStructure dynamically displayed
- Genome framework
- Genome class: container for Genes with utility functions for
reproduction and mutation
    - Gene class: abstract parent class for future gene implementations
- Updated godot-cpp submodule to godot-4.2.1-stable

---------

Co-authored-by: hpfluke0478 <38867454+hpfluke0478@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: hpfluke0478 <henry.pfluke@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: EthanD1998 <47570959+EthanD1998@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/src/cell.md, after:

# Cell Description

## Classes

Cell
Inherits: RigidBody2D  
Inherited by: none

Description: The Cell object represents a biological cell within a simulation. It contains some attributes and behaviors directly, and it delegates others to subnodes, such as CellState.

### Properties
- CollisionCount (static int): the static counter for the number of Cell collisions in the simulaton
- _spriteSize (Size2): the rectangular area covered by the Cell's sprite; stored here for ease of use when spawning Cells
- _cellState (CellState *): a pointer to the Cell's CellState object, which manages internal information about the Cell
- _cellStructures (Vector\<CellStructure *\> ): a vector of pointers to this Cell's CellStructures
- rand (Ref\<RandomNumberGenerator\>): a reference to a random number generator object; used for determining Cell death

### Methods
- void applyScale(const float scale): applies a linear scaling to the Cell; updates the Sprite2D, CollisionShape2D, CellState, and _spriteSize
- float getScale() const: returns the scale property of the cell (from CellState)

- Size2 getSpriteSize() const: returns the rectangular area of the Cell's sprite

- void _ready() override: runs once when the Cell has been created and is ready to be used; points _cellState to this Cell's CellState Node
- void _process(double delta) override: runs once per in-game frame; delta stores the real time since the last frame; simulates CellStructure activation and Cell aging, starvation, and death
- void _on_body_entered(Node *body): runs when another Node collides with this one; increments CollisionCount

## Non-Member Functions
None
