docs/src/mitochondria.md, before:

# Mitochondria Description

## Classes

Mitochondria
Inherits: CellStructure  
Inherited by: none  

Description: the Mitochondria class is a CellStructure that converts nutrients into energy

### Properties
- _activationThreshold (float): the proportion (in [0.0, 1.0]) of nutrients or energy that must be met for the Mitochondria to activate
- _strength (float): a multiplier applied to the conversion between nutrients and energy
- _efficiency (float): the proportion of nutrients that are preserved when converting to energy
- _conversionRate (float): the ratio of energy units to nutrient units at which these Mitochondria convert
- _activationResource (String): the resources to which these Mitochondria "listen" to determine activation; either "energy" or "nutrients"
- _thresholdType (String): the type of the threshold; either "high-pass" or "low-pass"

### Methods
- void activate(CellState *cellState): checks whether the given CellState passes the activation threshold and if so, converts nutrients to energy
- void modify(String modifierName, float modifierValue): sets relevant attributes based on a modifier Gene name and value; responds to ACTIVATION_THRESHOLD, STRENGTH, CONVERSION_RATE, ACTIVATION_RESOURCE, and THRESHOLD_TYPE Genes

- void setActivationThreshold(const float activationThreshold): sets _activationThreshold to the given value if it is in [0.0, 1.0]
- float getActivationThreshold() const: returns _activationThreshold

- void setStrength(const float strength): sets _strength to the given value if it is > 0.0
- float getStrength() const: returns _strength

- void setEfficiency(const float efficiency): sets _efficiency to the given value if it is in [0.0, 1.0]
- float getEfficiency() const: returns _efficiency

- void setConversionRate(const float conversionRate): sets _conversionRate to the given value if it is > 0.0
- float getConversionRate() const: returns _conversionRate

- void setActivationResource(const String activationResource): sets _activationResource to the given value if it is either "energy" or "nutrients"
- String getActivationResource() const: returns _activationResource

- void setThresholdType(const String thresholdType): sets _thresholdType to the given value if it is either "high-pass" or "low-pass"
- String getThresholdType() const: returns _thresholdType

- void _ready() override: runs once when this object is created and ready to use; sets this CellStructure's sprite property to a child Sprite2D node

## Non-Member Functions
None

Commit message:

Reproduction (#99)
Changes:
- Reproduction
- Nucleus::activate() sends a signal to CellSpawner if the Cell's
resources meet both thresholds and are sufficient
- Nucleus::activate() subtracts the cost of reproduction and halves the
parent Cell's remaining resources
- CellSpawner instantiates a new Cell, uses Cell::seteq() make it a
clone of its parent, and adds it to the CellEnvironment with some
initial movement
- Cell::seteq() clones the Genome of the parent Cell and gives it to the
childCell
- Cell::seteq() copies relevant attributes from the parent Cell to the
child Cell, resets both Cells' age and birth time, and rescales both
Cells to half the parent Cell's original area each
- Cell fixes and improvements
    - applyScale() prevents resource overflow and updates _spriteSize
- Genes are expressed in _ready(), and the resulting CellStructures are
scaled properly
- Homeostasis and reproduction costs are set in _ready() after Genome
expression
- Infinite resources fix
- Replaced _conversionRate with _preferredConversionRate in Mitochondria
and Ribosomes classes
- Added _nutrientEnergyConversionRate to CellState, which is used by
both Mitochondria and Ribosomes
- If _nutrientEnergyConversionRate is unset when either Mitochondria or
Ribosomes activate, it will be set to the respective
_preferredConversionRate value
- Added _resourceProportion to CellSpawner--the proportion of nutrients
and energy that Cells spawn with
- Gene cloning
- NutrientZone negative feeding and applyScale fixes
- Balance tweaks
- Documentation updates

---------

Co-authored-by: Alex-x90 <sashanrosenthal@gmail.com>

docs/src/mitochondria.md, after:

# Mitochondria Description

## Classes

Mitochondria
Inherits: CellStructure  
Inherited by: none  

Description: the Mitochondria class is a CellStructure that converts nutrients into energy

### Properties
- _activationThreshold (float): the proportion (in [0.0, 1.0]) of nutrients or energy that must be met for the Mitochondria to activate
- _strength (float): a multiplier applied to the conversion between nutrients and energy
- _efficiency (float): the proportion of nutrients that are preserved when converting to energy
- _preferredConversionRate (float): the ratio of nutrients to energy that these Mitochondria will try to set as the conversion rate of the Cell
- _activationResource (String): the resources to which these Mitochondria "listen" to determine activation; either "energy" or "nutrients"
- _thresholdType (String): the type of the threshold; either "high-pass" or "low-pass"

### Methods
- void activate(CellState *cellState): checks whether the given CellState passes the activation threshold and if so, converts nutrients to energy; if the CellState's _nutrientEnergyConversionRate is unset, it will be set to _preferredConversionRate
- void modify(String modifierName, float modifierValue): sets relevant attributes based on a modifier Gene name and value; responds to ACTIVATION_THRESHOLD, STRENGTH, CONVERSION_RATE, ACTIVATION_RESOURCE, and THRESHOLD_TYPE Genes

- void setActivationThreshold(const float activationThreshold): sets _activationThreshold to the given value if it is in [0.0, 1.0]
- float getActivationThreshold() const: returns _activationThreshold

- void setStrength(const float strength): sets _strength to the given value if it is > 0.0
- float getStrength() const: returns _strength

- void setEfficiency(const float efficiency): sets _efficiency to the given value if it is in [0.0, 1.0]
- float getEfficiency() const: returns _efficiency

- void setPreferredConversionRate(const float preferredConversionRate): sets _preferredConversionRate to the given value if it is > 0.0
- float getPreferredConversionRate() const: returns _preferredConversionRate

- void setActivationResource(const String activationResource): sets _activationResource to the given value if it is either "energy" or "nutrients"
- String getActivationResource() const: returns _activationResource

- void setThresholdType(const String thresholdType): sets _thresholdType to the given value if it is either "high-pass" or "low-pass"
- String getThresholdType() const: returns _thresholdType

- void _ready() override: runs once when this object enters the node tree; sets this CellStructure's sprite property to a child Sprite2D node

## Non-Member Functions
None
