docs/src/nucleus.md, before:

# Nucleus Description

## Classes

Nucleus
Inherits: CellStructure  
Inherited by: none

Description: the Nucleus class is CellStructure that manages reproduction

### Properties
- _reproductionNutrientThreshold (float): the quantity of nutrients that must be met for the Nucleus to begin reproduction
- _reproductionEnergyThreshold (float): the quantity of energy that must be met for the Nucleus to begin reproduction

### Methods
- void activate(CellState *cellState) override: an activation function that begins cell reproduction if the nutrient and energy thresholds are met and the Cell has sufficient resources
- void modify(String modifierName, float modifierValue): sets relevant attributes based on a modifier Gene name and value; responds to ACTIVATION_THRESHOLD Genes

- void setReproductionNutrientThreshold(const float reproductionNutrientThreshold): sets _reproductionNutrientThreshold to the given value if it is > 0.0
- float getReproductionNutrientThreshold() const: returns _reproductionNutrientThreshold

- void setReproductionEnergyThreshold(const float reproductionNutrientThreshold): sets _reproductionEnergyThreshold to the given value if it is > 0.0
- float getReproductionEnergyThreshold() const: returns reproductionEnergyThreshold

- void _ready() override: runs once when this object enters the node tree; sets this CellStructure's sprite property to a child Sprite2D node

## Non-Member Functions
None

Commit message:

Created functional InitalValues menu (#104)
Here are values, their possible range and increment rate
Parameter Min Max Inital Stepsize
CellSpawner::numCells	                0      100   10     1
CellSpawner::resourceProportion    0      1       0.75  0.05
CellEnvironment::nNutrientZones   0      50     3      1
NutrientZone::nutrientMaximum    0      10k   1000 10
NutrientZone::feedingRate             0.01 100  0.1    0.01
NutrientZone::regenerationRate    0      100  1       0.1
CellState::lifespan                           1      1000 60    1
CellState::growthNutrientCost        0      10k   1000 50
CellState::growthEnergyCost          0      10k   1000 50
And of course NutrientZone::deleteOnEmpty is simply true or false
and lots of cell structure parameters

The only thing I was thinking about changing was 10,000 for
growthNutrientCost and growthEnergyCost. Perhaps to a lower number for
the user and then scaling up again behind the scenes

Also, I found that you can use the scroll wheel to change the values and
that seems much easier than clicking

---------

Co-authored-by: MylesScholz <myles.scholz@gmail.com>

docs/src/nucleus.md, after:

# Nucleus Description

## Classes

Nucleus
Inherits: CellStructure  
Inherited by: none

Description: the Nucleus class is CellStructure that manages reproduction

### Properties
- _reproductionNutrientThreshold (float): the quantity of nutrients that must be met for the Nucleus to begin reproduction
- _reproductionEnergyThreshold (float): the quantity of energy that must be met for the Nucleus to begin reproduction

### Methods
- void activate(CellState *cellState) override: an activation function that begins cell reproduction if the nutrient and energy thresholds are met and the Cell has sufficient resources
- void modify(String modifierName, float modifierValue): sets relevant attributes based on a modifier Gene name and value; responds to ACTIVATION_THRESHOLD Genes

- void setReproductionNutrientThreshold(const float reproductionNutrientThreshold): sets _reproductionNutrientThreshold to the given value if it is > 0.0
- float getReproductionNutrientThreshold() const: returns _reproductionNutrientThreshold

- void setReproductionEnergyThreshold(const float reproductionNutrientThreshold): sets _reproductionEnergyThreshold to the given value if it is > 0.0
- float getReproductionEnergyThreshold() const: returns reproductionEnergyThreshold

- void _ready() override: runs once when this object enters the node tree; sets this CellStructure's sprite property to a child Sprite2D node; calls setReproductionNutrientThreshold(), setCreationNutrientCost(), setCreationEnergyCost(), setMaintenanceNutrientCost() and setMaintenanceEnergyCost() with their respective setting in the Parameters menu within the UI

## Non-Member Functions
None
