docs/src/nutrient_zone.md, before:

# NutrientZone Description

## Classes

NutrientZone
Inherits: Area2D  
Inherited by: none

Description: The NutrientZone object represents a location within the simulation that stores nutrients that are able to be consumed and used by cells

### Properties
- _totalNutrients (float): the amount of nutrients that are currently within the zone
- _nutrientMaximum (float): the maximum amount of nutrients that can be within the zone
- _feedingRate (float): the main element that can be set to dermine how much a cell can get from a zone in one run of the _process function
- _regenerationRate (float): multiplied by delta and then used to increase _totalNutrients by that amount
- _feedingCells (Vector<Cell *>): an array that stores all of the cells that are currently in the zone
- _deleteOnEmpty (bool): if true the NutrientZone will remove itself upon running out of nutrients, otherwise it will remain onscreen

### Methods
- void _on_body_entered(Node *): puts cells into _feedingCells array when entering the zone

- void _on_body_exited(Node *): takes cells out of _feedingCells array when exiting the zone

- void applyScale(const float): applies a linear scaling to the NutrientZone; updates the Sprite2D and CollisionShape2D

- float incrementTotalNutrients(const float): increases _totalNutrients by a number, if result is less than 0 or greater than _nutrientMaximum set to respective bound

- void setTotalNutrients(const float): sets _totalNutrients to a number if it is greater than zero
- float getTotalNutrients() const: returns _totalNutrients

- void setNutrientMaximum(const float): if greater or equal 0 sets _nutrientMaximum to the float
- float getNutrientMaximum() const: returns _nutrientMaximum

- void setFeedingRate(const float): if greater than 0 sets _feedingRate to the float
- float getFeedingRate() const: returns _feedingRate

- void setRegenerationRate(const float): if greater or equal 0 sets _regenerationRate to the float
- float getRegenerationRate() const: returns _regenerationRate

- void setDeleteOnEmpty(const bool): sets _deleteOnEmpty to the bool
- bool getDeleteOnEmpty() const: returns _deleteOnEmpty

- void _ready(): Connects body_entered and body_exited singals with _on_body_entered and _on_body_exited functions; gets sprite; removes itself if spawned with no nutrients

- void _process(float): runs once per in-game frame; delta stores the real time since the last frame, will be set to 0 when sim is paused; regenerates nutrients based on _regenerationRate and increases nutrients of cells in the zone/_feedingCells based on the _feedingRate and NutrientZone scale split evenly between all cells; the total nutrients given is then removed from the NutrientZone

## Non-Member Functions
None

Commit message:

Reproduction (#99)
Changes:
- Reproduction
- Nucleus::activate() sends a signal to CellSpawner if the Cell's
resources meet both thresholds and are sufficient
- Nucleus::activate() subtracts the cost of reproduction and halves the
parent Cell's remaining resources
- CellSpawner instantiates a new Cell, uses Cell::seteq() make it a
clone of its parent, and adds it to the CellEnvironment with some
initial movement
- Cell::seteq() clones the Genome of the parent Cell and gives it to the
childCell
- Cell::seteq() copies relevant attributes from the parent Cell to the
child Cell, resets both Cells' age and birth time, and rescales both
Cells to half the parent Cell's original area each
- Cell fixes and improvements
    - applyScale() prevents resource overflow and updates _spriteSize
- Genes are expressed in _ready(), and the resulting CellStructures are
scaled properly
- Homeostasis and reproduction costs are set in _ready() after Genome
expression
- Infinite resources fix
- Replaced _conversionRate with _preferredConversionRate in Mitochondria
and Ribosomes classes
- Added _nutrientEnergyConversionRate to CellState, which is used by
both Mitochondria and Ribosomes
- If _nutrientEnergyConversionRate is unset when either Mitochondria or
Ribosomes activate, it will be set to the respective
_preferredConversionRate value
- Added _resourceProportion to CellSpawner--the proportion of nutrients
and energy that Cells spawn with
- Gene cloning
- NutrientZone negative feeding and applyScale fixes
- Balance tweaks
- Documentation updates

---------

Co-authored-by: Alex-x90 <sashanrosenthal@gmail.com>

docs/src/nutrient_zone.md, after:

# NutrientZone Description

## Classes

NutrientZone
Inherits: Area2D  
Inherited by: none

Description: The NutrientZone object represents a location within the simulation that stores nutrients that are able to be consumed and used by cells

### Properties
- _totalNutrients (float): the amount of nutrients that are currently within the zone
- _nutrientMaximum (float): the maximum amount of nutrients that can be within the zone
- _feedingRate (float): the main element that can be set to dermine how much a cell can get from a zone in one run of the _process function
- _regenerationRate (float): multiplied by delta and then used to increase _totalNutrients by that amount
- _feedingCells (Vector<Cell *>): an array that stores all of the cells that are currently in the zone
- _deleteOnEmpty (bool): if true the NutrientZone will remove itself upon running out of nutrients, otherwise it will remain onscreen

### Methods
- void _on_body_entered(Node *): puts cells into _feedingCells array when entering the zone

- void _on_body_exited(Node *): takes cells out of _feedingCells array when exiting the zone

- void applyScale(const float): applies a linear scaling to the NutrientZone; updates the Sprite2D and CollisionShape2D

- float incrementTotalNutrients(const float): increases _totalNutrients by a number, if result is less than 0 or greater than _nutrientMaximum set to respective bound

- void setTotalNutrients(const float): sets _totalNutrients to a number if it is greater than zero
- float getTotalNutrients() const: returns _totalNutrients

- void setNutrientMaximum(const float): if greater or equal 0 sets _nutrientMaximum to the float
- float getNutrientMaximum() const: returns _nutrientMaximum

- void setFeedingRate(const float): if greater than 0 sets _feedingRate to the float
- float getFeedingRate() const: returns _feedingRate

- void setRegenerationRate(const float): if greater or equal 0 sets _regenerationRate to the float
- float getRegenerationRate() const: returns _regenerationRate

- void setDeleteOnEmpty(const bool): sets _deleteOnEmpty to the bool
- bool getDeleteOnEmpty() const: returns _deleteOnEmpty

- void _ready(): runs once when this object enters the node tree; connects body_entered and body_exited signals with _on_body_entered and _on_body_exited functions; gets sprite; removes itself if spawned with no nutrients

- void _process(float): runs once per in-game frame; delta stores the real time since the last frame, will be set to 0 when sim is paused; regenerates nutrients based on _regenerationRate and increases nutrients of cells in the zone/_feedingCells based on the _feedingRate and NutrientZone scale split evenly between all cells; the total nutrients given is then removed from the NutrientZone

## Non-Member Functions
None
