docs/src/ribosomes.md, before:

# Ribosomes Description

## Classes

Ribosomes
Inherits: CellStructure  
Inherited by: none  

Description: the Ribosomes class is a CellStructure that converts energy into nutrients

### Properties
- _activationThreshold (float): the proportion (in [0.0, 1.0]) of nutrients or energy that must be met for the Ribosomes to activate
- _strength (float): a multiplier applied to the conversion between energy and nutrients
- _efficiency (float): the proportion of energy that is preserved when converting to nutrients
- _conversionRate (float): the ratio of nutrient units to energy units at which these Ribosomes convert
- _activationResource (String): the resources to which these Ribosomes "listen" to determine activation; either "energy" or "nutrients"
- _thresholdType (String): the type of the threshold; either "high-pass" or "low-pass"

### Methods
- void activate(CellState *cellState): checks whether the given CellState passes the activation threshold and if so, converts energy to nutrients

- void setActivationThreshold(const float activationThreshold): sets _activationThreshold to the given value if it is in [0.0, 1.0]
- float getActivationThreshold() const: returns _activationThreshold

- void setStrength(const float strength): sets _strength to the given value if it is > 0.0
- float getStrength() const: returns _strength

- void setEfficiency(const float efficiency): sets _efficiency to the given value if it is in [0.0, 1.0]
- float getEfficiency() const: returns _efficiency

- void setConversionRate(const float conversionRate): sets _conversionRate to the given value if it is > 0.0
- float getConversionRate() const: returns _conversionRate

- void setActivationResource(const String activationResource): sets _activationResource to the given value if it is either "energy" or "nutrients"
- String getActivationResource() const: returns _activationResource

- void setThresholdType(const String thresholdType): sets _thresholdType to the given value if it is either "high-pass" or "low-pass"
- String getThresholdType() const: returns _thresholdType

- void _ready() override: runs once when this object is created and ready to use; sets this CellStructure's sprite property to a child Sprite2D node

## Non-Member Functions
None

Commit message:

NutrientZones and Chemotaxis (#79)
Changes:
- NutrientZone class and functionality
    - Cell nutrient feeding
- Obstacle class (no functionality yet)
- NutrientZone spawning in CellEnvironment
- Receptor responds only to NutrientZones
- Flagella response to activated Receptors (chemotaxis)
- Simulation-wide linear damp increased

---------

Co-authored-by: hpfluke0478 <henry.pfluke@gmail.com>

docs/src/ribosomes.md, after:

# Ribosomes Description

## Classes

Ribosomes
Inherits: CellStructure  
Inherited by: none  

Description: the Ribosomes class is a CellStructure that converts energy into nutrients

### Properties
- _activationThreshold (float): the proportion (in [0.0, 1.0]) of nutrients or energy that must be met for the Ribosomes to activate
- _strength (float): a multiplier applied to the conversion between energy and nutrients
- _efficiency (float): the proportion of energy that is preserved when converting to nutrients
- _conversionRate (float): the ratio of nutrient units to energy units at which these Ribosomes convert
- _activationResource (String): the resources to which these Ribosomes "listen" to determine activation; either "energy" or "nutrients"
- _thresholdType (String): the type of the threshold; either "high-pass" or "low-pass"

### Methods
- void activate(CellState *cellState): checks whether the given CellState passes the activation threshold and if so, converts energy to nutrients
- - void modify(String modifierName, float modifierValue): sets relevant attributes based on a modifier Gene name and value; responds to ACTIVATION_THRESHOLD, STRENGTH, CONVERSION_RATE, ACTIVATION_RESOURCE, and THRESHOLD_TYPE Genes

- void setActivationThreshold(const float activationThreshold): sets _activationThreshold to the given value if it is in [0.0, 1.0]
- float getActivationThreshold() const: returns _activationThreshold

- void setStrength(const float strength): sets _strength to the given value if it is > 0.0
- float getStrength() const: returns _strength

- void setEfficiency(const float efficiency): sets _efficiency to the given value if it is in [0.0, 1.0]
- float getEfficiency() const: returns _efficiency

- void setConversionRate(const float conversionRate): sets _conversionRate to the given value if it is > 0.0
- float getConversionRate() const: returns _conversionRate

- void setActivationResource(const String activationResource): sets _activationResource to the given value if it is either "energy" or "nutrients"
- String getActivationResource() const: returns _activationResource

- void setThresholdType(const String thresholdType): sets _thresholdType to the given value if it is either "high-pass" or "low-pass"
- String getThresholdType() const: returns _thresholdType

- void _ready() override: runs once when this object is created and ready to use; sets this CellStructure's sprite property to a child Sprite2D node

## Non-Member Functions
None
